after missing eight games last season
due to foot and knee injuries David mulk
is back the reason I left football is I
just like to hit people really hard
that's my favorite thing there's a point
where you hit someone and you catch them
in the right range is very under the
chin perfectly where you don't feel
anything it's like you hit them and it's
a moment of euphoria and then you just
seem fly it's great it's fantastic i
actually did in the game two against
uconn the Rimington trophy and lombardi
award candidate has 18 career stats at
center he's an all-american strength and
conditioning athlete who is a team
leader because of his experience and
toughness if you just go down and you
say oh I'm hurt I don't do practice I
don't want to work out all that kind of
stuff give me you look bad so if you
just push through everything like
nothing's wrong with you even though
there is something it just gives you a
higher steam at the team bulk is an
interesting guy who will do just about
anything to stay out of the media
spotlight he won't talk about his
personal life saying it's nobody's
business and he won't talk about his
battles with injuries including the play
he missed against you coming but he does
explain why so many subjects are off
limits it's not about me it's this all
these little banners right here all that
kind of stuff championships the Big Ten
championships Michigan logo just
michigan tradition that's our this it's
bigger than all of us and when everyone
realizes that that's what we need to
play for will win everything smoke is
always happy to talk about his brothers
on the offensive line and he's a big fan
of the guy he snaps the ball too yeah i
love i love anything from it's actually
really funny see all these little cut
through here those whose fingernails
from under sentence Nets because his
fingers are like eight feet long that's
why I can just palm the whole ball
that's where I wrapped around three
quarters of the ball and he's like the
core of the office he's a leader in the
air bottle I think everybody look up to
my knees in the day and the different
guy who any oh yeah he is he's a great
guy i loved it around uh I loved walking
from I'll tell you that much he's just
got a great personality is very some of
me and how he approaches fame and media
and all that kind of stuff he doesn't
want anything to do with it and that's
fantastic guys that that bring it in
accept it and love it and want to be
with it and want more of it that's what
the problem starts the guys that don't
care and just love the game and that's
it is